Are you saying that
the mention of Qingzi Soup made His Majesty react this way?
Yes.
Your Highness, are you feeling unwell?
I’m fine. Just need to rest for a moment.
Now, Qingyu,
has lost her fertility because of Consort Yuan.
The Emperor and the Empress must be Qingyu.
It can only be Qingyu’s mother.
This matter hasn’t been fully investigated yet.
Consort Yan is kind-hearted.
She would never do such a thing.
Perhaps Consort Rong accidentally ingested other medicines.
I have made up my mind.
Hmph, I see you are simply mad.
If you insist on making her a concubine,
I will sever our mother-child relationship.
Go to Mount Wutai and become an enemy.
It’s not good to raise your head.
I’ll call the Imperial Physician.
I’m fine now.
Why did His Majesty go to the Imperial Garden?
Because of the report you made last night.
Your Majesty.
Prince Duan is dead, dead.
I heard he was scared to death by the tenth knife.
Just ten knives.
Didn’t His Majesty say before
to leave Prince Duan alive?
The executioners were very careful.
Unexpectedly, after just ten knives, Prince Duan died of fright.
This useless person and that concubine
In the past life,
the Empress lost the chance to be a mother.
Even in death, he should be tortured to a thousand cuts.